Ask agent to remove stale IaC after potential conversion (#2032)
microsoft/GitHub-Copilot-for-Azure: plugin/skills/azure-prepare/SKILL.md

9. **Scope: preparation only** — This skill generates infrastructure code and configuration files. Deployment execution (`azd up`, `azd deploy`, `terraform apply`) is handled by the **azure-deploy** skill, which provides built-in error recovery and deployment verification.
10. ⛔ **SQL Server Bicep: NEVER generate `administratorLogin` or `administratorLoginPassword`** — not in direct properties, not in conditional/ternary branches, not anywhere in the file. Always use Entra-only authentication (`azureADOnlyAuthentication: true`) unconditionally. See [references/services/sql-database/bicep.md](references/services/sql-database/bicep.md).

> 11. **Remove stale template IaC after conversion** - If you converted Bicep templates from the selected `azd` template into Terraform templates, remove the Bicep templates that were introduced by that `azd` template and are now fully replaced by Terraform equivalents. Do not remove user-authored Bicep files. Only remove those template-provided Bicep files after the Terraform IaC is complete and Terraform has been selected as the deployment path. Before handing off to azure-validate skill, keep only the IaC templates required by the chosen deployment path.

Reviewer: nit: Rules 1-10 all use an em dash character as the separator between the bold title and description (e.g. `**Scope: preparation only** — This skill...`). This rule uses a regular hyphen. Swap the `-` after `**Remove stale template IaC after conversion**` to the em dash character used by the other rules for consistency.

Author: I replaced the regular hyphen with em dash in rule 11.

9. **Scope: preparation only** — This skill generates infrastructure code and configuration files. Deployment execution (`azd up`, `azd deploy`, `terraform apply`) is handled by the **azure-deploy** skill, which provides built-in error recovery and deployment verification.
10. ⛔ **SQL Server Bicep: NEVER generate `administratorLogin` or `administratorLoginPassword`** — not in direct properties, not in conditional/ternary branches, not anywhere in the file. Always use Entra-only authentication (`azureADOnlyAuthentication: true`) unconditionally. See [references/services/sql-database/bicep.md](references/services/sql-database/bicep.md).

> 11. If you converted Bicep templates from an azd template into Terraform templates, you should remove the stale Bicep templates after the transformation. You should only keep the IaC templates that are needed for deployment before moving to validate step.

Author: I polished the instruction following this suggestion.

> 11. If you converted Bicep templates from an azd template into Terraform templates, you should remove the stale Bicep templates after the transformation. You should only keep the IaC templates that are needed for deployment before moving to validate step.

Author: I polished the instruction following this suggestion.

> 11. If you converted Bicep templates from the selected `azd` template into Terraform templates, you should remove the Bicep templates that were introduced by that `azd` template and are now fully replaced by Terraform equivalents. Do not remove user-authored Bicep files. Only remove those template-provided Bicep files after the Terraform IaC is complete and Terraform has been selected as the deployment path. Before handing off to azure-validate skill, keep only the IaC templates required by the chosen deployment path.

Reviewer: **[MEDIUM]** Rule 11 doesn't follow the formatting convention of rules 1-10.

Every other rule opens with a bold keyword for quick scanning (`**Plan first**`, `**Scope: preparation only**`, etc.). This one starts with `If you converted...` which breaks the pattern. Also, the blank line before `---` was removed - adding it back keeps the visual separation.

```suggestion
11. **Remove stale template IaC after conversion** - If you converted Bicep templates from the selected `azd` template into Terraform templates, remove the Bicep templates that were introduced by that `azd` template and are now fully replaced by Terraform equivalents. Do not remove user-authored Bicep files. Only remove those template-provided Bicep files after the Terraform IaC is complete and Terraform has been selected as the deployment path. Before handing off to azure-validate skill, keep only the IaC templates required by the chosen deployment path.

```
